Hot mics picked up their discussion. They were talking about organ transplants and the possibility that humans could live to be 150 years old.
They were trying to create superhumans. It was a race involving China and other countries—though the Lord said not to mention the other country.
They were taking DNA from an animal using AI. For example, how does a tortoise or a turtle live so long?
They were taking that DNA and trying to use AI to splice it with human DNA, trying to create organs with longevity, specifically longevity of hearts.
I'll stem this from what the Word of God says: that as the days of Noah were, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
It talks about how there were giants in the land; the angels slept with women and created giants, the Nephilim.
What I saw happening in labs in certain cities was the creepiest thing I've ever seen.
They were trying to create superhumans by taking DNA from an animal using AI.
Since some turtles are 200 to 300 years old, they were taking that DNA and using AI to splice it with human DNA to create organs with longevity, trying to outsmart God.
And the Lord told me, 'I fearfully and wonderfully made you in my image.'They're trying to do exactly what they did in the days of Noah.
Satan was trying to destroy the bloodline of a pure human by creating monsters.
The Lord showed me and said, 'As in the days of Noah, Brandon, look what they're going to do again.'They're trying to recreate the human the way we are by being blasphemous.
The Lord said, 'We are made in His image; we're perfect in His sight.'When man tries to add to or take away from the DNA of a human, it takes away from who we are with God, as if saying, 'We're crossbreeds; we're not full humans.'I hope this is making sense.
When I'm looking into the vision, the Lord shows me they're playing with fire.
They're playing with things they don't understand, and these people have a reprobate mind.
I saw them adding to the DNA, trying to make people super strong by adding genes from big gorillas to make super soldiers like Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Braden told me, 'Daddy, they say they've already had this for five or six years now.'Folks, I don't know anything about all that stuff.
I'm not into conspiracy theories; I'm telling you what I got strictly from the voice of the Father warning about this.
People talk about Alex Jones or Joe Rogan, but this is what the Spirit of the Lord said: I'm telling you what I saw in labs. If that's what they're telling you, then they're right.
It was a race between China and other countries to perfect it—like a new industrial revolution with CRISPR, trying to create a new species of genetically altered human beings to get the flaws out.
I saw babies in labs in amniotic fluid with a light behind them.
It looked like a hot light keeping the baby warm, like something in a sci-fi movie.
You could see it wasn't fully developed yet; I could see the nose and the head and how it all separates from the egg and the sperm—life without a mother.
It was successful. It was alive in a cylinder tube, suspended in this amniotic fluid with real bubbles moving around this human life.
The amniotic fluid had a yellow tint, almost like a shade of urine, and it looked thick like jelly.
The baby was suspended in this tube being grown in a lab, and I could see an umbilical-like cord attached to this fetus.
To my left in the vision, I saw six-foot-tall human-looking things that were not all human.
They were spliced together, part animal and part human, with no soul in their eyes.
Their eyes were completely black; unlike our eyes with a white center and an iris, they had nothing.
The Lord told me, 'They don't have a spirit or a soul; this is possessed by a demonic spirit.'They were splicing animal and human DNA to harvest organs, creating these things because they wanted to get a 'super heart'or harvest their livers and kidneys.
They looked like monsters. The Lord said they will try to bring back prehistoric animals in the days ahead.
It will become a place where you go to a zoo to see a woolly mammoth or a saber-tooth tiger.
I saw them trying to find DNA, like in Jurassic Park, to create ancient dinosaurs and lizards.
There is very demonic activity with AI technology in this new industrial revolution.
It's an AI race, like the space race, to see who could be the first to create human cloning and superhumans.
It was very dark, with people trying to be the best at splicing and making a 'better'human.
The Lord showed me it was like the Tower of Babel. As AI is developed, there is nothing humans feel they can't achieve with technology.
The veil that blocked things in the past is being lifted through technological advancements, and the darkness is becoming more real than we've ever seen it before.
Gross darkness. And I'm telling you, when you start hearing about these animals going into zoos in the near future and they say, "Hey, we got a woolly mammoth.
We got,"you know, there's darker things afoot. I'm warning you by the Spirit of God that there's darker things.
They may never reveal this darkness about these hearts and this stuff to the public.
I don't know. I just saw that they were trying to find out the fountain of youth. How do we live longer? How did Noah live so long?
I was hearing them say, "How did these men and women live so long in Bible times, a thousand years like Methuselah or whatever?"They were trying to figure out how to recreate what they had in Bible times of making people live so long because they know that our bodies are made to live and not die.
God never designed us for death; that was after the fall of man. Adam would have lived forever.
But the problem is after he fell, everything got messed up, and they're trying to figure out how to keep the body going for a long time for these elites.
They want to live like the fountain of youth; they're trying to become immortal.
And that's what the Lord was showing me: they were trying to do it through AI technology.
"How do we splice it? How do we inject this, like the fountain of—if we drink this, will it make us better?
Will it make us stronger? Will it make us live longer?"And they were trying to do that through AI.
The Lord told me, "Brandon, there's a time to sow and there's a time to reap. There's a time to live and there's a time to die.
There's no man that's ever going to live forever on this earth right now."And as they try to create what they're doing, they're trying to bypass seedtime and harvest.
I saw them taking genetics from a starfish and worms, trying to figure out how to splice that and make things that grow arms, grow back body parts, because if a starfish can do that, how can you splice that with human DNA and make them do that?
It was very weird stuff that I was seeing. And then I was seeing them trying to create a superfood that was cheap, out of like a soybean that was full of protein, but the Lord told me this has no nutrition in it at all.
It's genetically modified crap that they're going to try to give people. It looked like a little nut.
It truly did—a genetically modified-looking nut they called a superfood, trying to keep you alive by eating this, but there was no nutritional value in it.
It's man-made. Anything man-made is not going to be good for you.
I mean, seriously, if it's not vegetables or whatever—this is like something that's in a lab.
They were trying to create it and it was gross, but they were adding things to it and trying to do things to it.
They do that already right now with our food. But this looked like a little nut, and it was the size of a pecan.
When you see stuff like that and you see the corruption of man's mind and what they're trying to do, it just kind of throws you.
You go, "Wow, how much darker can people really get?"There's a level that you think you won't cross with people.
Are you all really going to go there, trying to create things like that?
Well, there's no moral balance. There's no moral compass. Everything goes.
We have the ability to create. We have the ability to do this, so we can play God.
We can make the human body better; we think better than Him. That's the arrogance that I was seeing.
God's design wasn't perfect, but we can make it perfect. But it changed the structure of what a human really was.
Blasphemous about who? Because He is perfect. He's God. We're made in His image.
But they thought, "We can take this with a dog or whatever and we'll make life better because what He did wasn't good enough."Right?
And that's why I thought, "Wow, this is what they did with the Nephilim."And folks, the Bible is so clear: "As in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns."And it was just like that in Noah's time.
He was looking at the giants walking on the earth and he's looking around and it's like Sodom and Gomorrah on another level, and everybody's like, "What is happening up in here?"God had to wipe out a whole generation, all those people, because of how corrupt the bloodline was.
And I don't know if Noah and his sons were the only ones who weren't corrupt, but I'm going to tell you: these are very serious times.
Only eight got on the ark. I don't know how many people had a pure bloodline back then; I don't think it says.
So, we see the Bible coming alive again with what I believe is coming in the future, what the Lord revealed to me.
More darkness, more things that we need to be praying over, and I know that there's a lot of this we can't stop because the Bible says, "As in the days of Noah."So, it's going to happen.
So, when will we see this in the public eye? I don't know. When you start hearing about woolly mammoths and you start seeing about saber-tooth tigers and dinosaurs, trying to create big lizards again.
"Well, we found the lizard DNA and we crossed it with a Komodo dragon"—and I mean seriously, that's what I'm telling you.
They have to take something to make something, and they take it and they splice it together and say, "Well, we had this hair and we did this,"because you can't create life out of nothing.
You have to have something to create something, right? It's something that is alive.
"Well, we can create the dodo bird again or whatever."We have to create something out of this to do this, but it has to be spliced. So, it's not a pure form.
Taking a human and making it into this is trying to be a mockery of God's creation, of what He originally intended, just like it was with the Nephilim.
And I think it's interesting, I really do, whenever I see what I saw.
He was ticked off about it, needless to say; He was not happy about what He was seeing going on in these labs.
And He said, "Now do you see why I have to accelerate?"Time is being accelerated because man's knowledge is increasing to the point of great corruption.
At what they're trying to achieve and what they're doing, we're at that point of no return where technological advancements are trying to distort even the human body.
And I was like, "I get it, I can see it."So He keeps talking to me.
He said, "Brandon, people do not realize how truly bad the Tribulation is going to be.
It's going to be hell on earth, folks."And I'm telling you, as you watch this video, you may say, "Brandon, all that seems so sci-fi, so out there.
You are on some bad stuff. What are you talking about?"All I'm here to tell you is I'm seeing what's coming in the future.
I'm trying to tell you what they're planning by what I feel like the Holy Spirit is giving me to tell you and through prayer, and I'm trying to warn you as loud as I can that we're running out of time.
Jesus Christ is coming and many people are asleep, and a great shaking to awaken is coming upon this earth.
You're going to see things in the days ahead that you never dreamed you would ever see, with earthquakes and all kinds of things.
We're in the beginning of sorrows. I want you to understand: this is not the Tribulation.
This is the beginning of sorrows—the last of the major birthing pains before the birthing of the Tribulation. Watch what's about to take place in the days ahead.